<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Families and Roles</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="styles.css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
<div class='page'><h1>Families and roles</h1>
<div class='family-block'><h2>Bud</h2><p>Seed-state helpers. Simple, foundational, readable, good for first growth and first work.</p></div>
<div class='family-block'><h2>Shell</h2><p>Durable and defensive. Best when the task needs stability, packing, persistence, or resistance.</p></div>
<div class='family-block'><h2>Spark</h2><p>Fast, energetic, iterative. Best when throughput and momentum matter.</p></div>
<div class='family-block'><h2>Bloom</h2><p>Expressive and aesthetic. Best when visual taste, presence, and character are central.</p></div>
<div class='family-block'><h2>Prism</h2><p>Analytical and refractive. Best when the task depends on technical reading and precision.</p></div>
<div class='family-block'><h2>Crest</h2><p>Authoritative and vertical. Best when the work needs judgment, order, and priority.</p></div>
<div class='family-block'><h2>Weaver</h2><p>Linked and orchestrated. Best when the work spans multiple parts and must be connected well.</p></div>
<div class='family-block'><h2>Shade</h2><p>Subtle and risk-aware. Best when ambiguity, edge cases, or hidden state matter.</p></div>
<div class='family-block'><h2>Builder</h2><p>Use for scaffolding, structure, feature assembly, and structural implementation.</p></div>
<div class='family-block'><h2>Researcher</h2><p>Use for exploration, comparison, discovery, and mapping unknowns before action.</p></div>
<div class='family-block'><h2>Reviewer</h2><p>Use for critique, validation, standards, and consistency checks.</p></div>
<div class='family-block'><h2>Operator</h2><p>Use for execution, dispatch, repeated flows, and throughput work.</p></div>
</div></body></html>